Pet’s Diary & Social Platform

For pet owners, loving posting your pets’ photos on social media? Yes. But for those who are not crazy for pets, loving seeing photos of pets all over it? Sorry, but no.

PEToYOU is the solution for it.

It is a diary for your pets, as well as a social platform with pets’ updates. Pet owners may make friends here too—with other pet owners, just like you.

Shopping malls, theme parks, busy streets…there are so many locations you could get a portrait of your own. Looking at your gorgeous cats, do you wish to have their special ones?

CATRAIT by Changchang believes that every cat should have its own special look. The portraits are artsy and stylish.

“One of the most dynamic garden in the country”—announced by President Obama

ASLA NCC Award of Merit

This public landscape architecture is the best representation for human engagement. Everyone will find a best spot no matter they come alone; with family, friends, or the very special one. Besides, it’s educational to the kids by showing them the growing process of vegetables; to the adults, it educates them the benefits of having local organic food.


The Garden is a unique gathering place for fans to enjoy.

 The Garden also serves as a nutritional classroom for local children.

This 4,320 square-foot space offers fruits, vegetables, herbs and edible flowers.

In order to produce enough food for two restaurants, the landscape architects organized an off-site growing ground. As the chefs harvest the produce, the gardeners follow behind and infill with edible starts to keep the garden full and lush.

The space is enclosed by raised plants, creating a sense of enclosure.

The Garden also serves as a nutritional classroom for local children.

High-end Residential Design for Top Billionaires
| Patience. Egoless. Details

Working on very high-end private projects has strengthened Changchang’s qualities like: attention to details, patience and egoless. In the process, she worked on construction documents, perspective renderings and communication/ coordination with architects, civil engineers, suppliers etc.

Zhuyeqing Tea

What makes Zhuyeqing Tea special is the taste as well as the look. The “standing straight up” look has been emphasized on the cover of the package. To lots of foreigners, Chinese tea pots are intriguing and they come in various forms. The idea of tea bags is based on that idea. People would be willing to collect them, just like stamps.

CAPITAMALLS| TIANFU PLAZA

The client of this project is a real estate development company. The image they want to convey is “modern, edgy and neat”.

The catalogue is clean but full of details; and the structure highly matches the style of the architecture. 


Break the Cocoon

This is a series of graduation celebration posters. All three are consistent in style; the font is specially designed for the theme “Breaking the Cocoon”.

Infographics

Changchang believes that infographics is an efficient way for communication and decision making.

She has used infographics to study the relationship between designers and clients, aided the text in one of her resumes, analyzed 3 different airports along Route 45 in IL…

The research can be shown by doing infographics, and in turn infographics can help people to decide what aspect needs more research.

The Portrayal of Lower Wabash River

This is a project which lasts doe one semester in design studio. The goal is to portray Wabash River as the stateline in an unconventional way. By going through the process of SURVEY, INDEX, TIMELINE, NARRATIVE and FUTURE—altogether five phases, one is supposed to have a thorough understanding of Wabash River and the regions nearby.

All graphic drawings are based on sound study and research. The skill of visualizing information has been improved significantly. And the drawings include: informational map, collage of the main elements; timeline of the sequences of events and objects; three most important parts of that region with multiple eras together and storyboard of imagination about the future.

Zhuyeqing Tea is a type of tea that origins in Sichuan, China. It has a long history and it is widely loved by tea lovers in Sichuan.

The challenge here is renovating the old package by giving it a fresh look. A look that is ideal for a gift to people from other areas.


This is the package design for Chinese wedding candy.
It has all the Chinese traditional elements, but designed with a modern twist.

Wedding Candy Jie & Chang

On the back, the bridegroom and bride’s names Jie & Chang are written in various forms of calligraphy. Which creates a unique pattern.

Carpenter Hong

“Carpenter Hong” is a traditional furniture manufacture company. Other than just middle-aged customers, the client wants the younger group to know more about Chinese traditional furniture.

Changchang brings a fresh look to the branding media like business cards, paper bags, the catalogue and so on. Now it has the traditional element like “China Red” and “Calligraphy”, but at the same time, more lovable to the young group.
